after some trial and error and now
since the vote the member for drummond
soro and delivers a shield
Camille Crasnault should start
the two biggest drops
no initiative
the one played his last match against the OM
even if the official website of the football federation
it was with him that the Sochaux were to open the scoring following
this action against montpellier
cost conscious
the two most important will have of course the expected response sometimes ccs
insight the side we did not make a gift but singular universe avenue
clémenceau
myers n'dioro yet the best friend his story
nor even less autonomy
novak who also spoke of the mind he pleaded
but at no point was he able to score
the duo will center on this action and the king well said she advertising
involuntary south-east opens in senegal
the compromise text they marry continuously is brought closer to the body
I'm motivated
we are there when the beginning of the match we knew we think
for the time being the final is the only break conceded despite only
the trial very well now we already had a lot for them
afternoon semifinals
if the level one has to be shy the starting point of one of the teams of
first division they also have a skillet hailed civic sense po at
power since the beginning of the season